Fix setBaseAndExtent live example by removing additional whitespace (#23441)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/selection/setbaseandextent/index.md

<p><strong>Output</strong>: <span class="output"></span></p>
```

> > **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">`/`<p class="two">` and the `<span>` tag to prevent the insertion of a text node that may affect the number of `childNotes` expected. Find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of `childNodes` expected. Find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example).
```

> > **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of `childNodes` expected. Find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of child nodes expected. (Even though those text nodes would be whitespace-only, they would still be additional child nodes; find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example).
```

> > **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of child nodes expected. (Even though those text nodes would be whitespace-only, they would still be additional child nodes; find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of child nodes expected. (Even though those text nodes would be whitespace-only, they would still be additional child nodes; find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example)).
```

> > **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of child nodes expected. (Even though those text nodes would be whitespace-only, they would still be additional child nodes; find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** There is intentionally no [whitespace](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Whitespace) between the `<p class="one">` and `<p class="two">` start tags and the `<span>` start tags which follow them — to avoid the presence of text nodes that would affect the number of child nodes expected. (Even though those text nodes would be whitespace-only, they would still be additional child nodes; find out more from the [`Node.firstChild` example](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Node/firstChild#example)).
```
